_pages/bromley/experiences/corporate.md, before:

---
permalink: /bromley/experiences/corporate/
layout: single-experience
_template: single-experience
current_page: corporate-broomly
main_space_group: Bromley Gallery & Event Center
shadred_temlate: experience white custom-white # when both The Grand Room & Event Spaces have same template

meta_description_title: Corporate
meta_description: Our objective is to create a limitless atmosphere where guest feel free to connect with each other

cover_image: "/assets/images/Broomly Corporate Experience Cover.jpg"
page_title: Corporate
text_below_page_title: >-
  Impress your clients and wow your guests by hosting your next corporate function at The Grand Room.


  Suitable for a multitude of event types, including half, full or multi-day conferences, virtual or hybrid events, exhibitions, product launches, company milestones or Christmas parties - look no further for your next ideal corporate venue partner. With four key spaces, each customisable based on your requirements, our rooms can accommodate small intimate boardroom meetings or be transformed to house large functions and conferences. 
  

  Our space offers custom-made, contemporary furniture and the latest technology and audiovisual equipment.
button_text: enquire now
button_link: '#'

  
---

Commit message:

update style for headings & add contact form to all enquire buttons

_pages/bromley/experiences/corporate.md, after:

---
permalink: /bromley/experiences/corporate/
layout: single-experience
_template: single-experience
current_page: corporate-broomly
main_space_group: Bromley Gallery & Event Center
shadred_temlate: experience white custom-white # when both The Grand Room & Event Spaces have same template

meta_description_title: Corporate
meta_description: Our objective is to create a limitless atmosphere where guest feel free to connect with each other

cover_image: "/assets/images/Broomly Corporate Experience Cover.jpg"
page_title: Corporate
text_below_page_title: >-
  Elevate your corporate events to new heights by choosing Bromley Gallery as your premier venue. Impress your clients and leave a lasting impression on your guests with our exceptional facilities and services. Whether you're planning a half-day conference, a full-day event, a multi-day gathering, a virtual or hybrid experience, an exhibition, a product launch, a company milestone celebration, or a memorable Christmas party, Bromley Gallery is the perfect partner for your next corporate function.


  Make your next corporate event a resounding success by selecting Bromley Gallery as your ideal venue partner. With our exceptional facilities, customizable spaces, contemporary furnishings, and cutting-edge technology, we provide the perfect backdrop for your corporate gatherings.
button_text: enquire now
button_link: '/bromley/contact/#contact-form-cta'

  
---
