_pages/bromley/experiences/weddings.md, before:

---
permalink: /bromley/experiences/weddings/
layout: single-experience
_template: experiences
current_page: weddings-broomly
main_space_group: Bromley Gallery & Event Center
shadred_temlate: experience white custom-white # when both The Grand Room & Event Spaces have same template

meta_description_title: Weddings
meta_description: Our objective is to create a limitless atmosphere where guest feel free to connect with each other

cover_image: "/assets/images/Broomly Wedding Experience Cover.jpg"
page_title: weddings
text_below_page_title: >-
  We will celebrate your individuality, and tailor your event to you.


  The Grand Room is spacious and allows for entertainment, innovative food stations, floral installations, a dance floor in our contemporary and elegant decor.


  Work together alongside our experienced event planners who have established relationships with a wide network within the industry, including the finest DJ’s, musicians and talented photographers, to ensure that every aspect of your wedding is exceptional.


  At our venue, we believe that food is not just nourishment, but also a means of creating unforgettable memories.
  
  Our kitchen team can work with you to create an elevated menu that tells your unique story, incorporating seasonal produce provided by our highly valued suppliers. We are committed to creating a menu that is as meaningful as it is delicious.


  Cocktails are bold and energetic and our extensive wine cellar offers a wide range suitable to all tastes curated by our knowledgable sommeliers. 

  So let us take you on an exceptional journey that will leave a lasting impression on you and your guests.
button_text: enquire now
button_link: '#'
  
---

Commit message:

update style for headings & add contact form to all enquire buttons

_pages/bromley/experiences/weddings.md, after:

---
permalink: /bromley/experiences/weddings/
layout: single-experience
_template: experiences
current_page: weddings-broomly
main_space_group: Bromley Gallery & Event Center
shadred_temlate: experience white custom-white # when both The Grand Room & Event Spaces have same template

meta_description_title: Weddings
meta_description: Our objective is to create a limitless atmosphere where guest feel free to connect with each other

cover_image: "/assets/images/Broomly Wedding Experience Cover.jpg"
page_title: weddings
text_below_page_title: >-
  At Bromley Gallery, surrounded by captivating artwork by David Bromley, we specialize in creating unforgettable weddings that celebrate your individuality. Our spacious venue provides the perfect setting for your special day, offering ample space for entertainment, innovative food stations, breathtaking floral installations, and a dance floor amidst contemporary and elegant decor.


  Collaborate with our experienced event planners who have established relationships with a wide network within the industry. From the finest DJ's and musicians to talented photographers, we ensure that every aspect of your wedding is exceptional. Our goal is to bring your vision to life, creating a personalized experience that reflects your unique story.


  Food plays a central role in the wedding experience, and our dedicated kitchen team will work closely with you to design an elevated menu that not only tantalizes the taste buds but also tells your love story. We source the freshest seasonal produce from our highly valued suppliers, ensuring that each dish is a delicious representation of your culinary preferences.
  Complementing the culinary experience, our cocktail offerings are bold, energetic, and crafted with precision. Our extensive wine cellar, curated by knowledgeable sommeliers, offers a wide range of options suitable for all tastes, ensuring that every guest finds a libation to savor.


  At Bromley Gallery, we are committed to taking you and your guests on an exceptional journey that will leave a lasting impression. Let us create a wedding that celebrates your individuality and creates cherished memories for a lifetime.
button_text: enquire now
button_link: '/bromley/contact/#contact-form-cta'
  
---
